# Portfolio

## Description

Simple portfolio module, built on [Moyo's](http://moyoweb.nl) CCK. Noteworthy fact is that portfolio items are optionally
translatable, so that your hard work can be shown off in multiple languages.

## Requirements

* Joomla 3.X . Untested in Joomla 2.5.
* Koowa 0.9 or 1.0 (as yet, Koowa 2 is not supported)
* PHP 5.3.10 or better
* Composer
* A Joomla template written in Bootstrap 3.
* Moyo Components
    * com_cck
    * com_moyo
    * com_makundi
    * com_kutafuta
    * com_taxonomy
    * com_translations

## Installation

### Composer

Installation is done through composer. In your `composer.json` file, you should add the following lines to the repositories
section:

```json
{
    "name": "moyo/portfolio",
    "type": "vcs",
    "url": "https://github.com/cta-int/portfolio.git"
}
```

The require section should contain the following line:

```json
    "moyo/portfolio": "1.0.*",
```

Afterward, just run `composer update` from the root of your Joomla project.

### jsymlinker

Another option, currently only available for Moyo developers, is by using the jsymlink script from the [Moyo Git
Tools](https://github.com/derjoachim/moyo-git-tools).

## Usage

### Administrator

The portfolio component can be accessed through 'Components > Portfolio'. The plural view shows each portfolio item. The
content manager can publish or depublish an item. Additonally, he can feature or unfeature an item. Finally, the translation
status is visible for each item for each language.

The item form has the following elements:

* **Title** Self-explanatory
* **Slug** Autogenerated slug
* **Publishing dates** Dates between which a certain item is to be displayed.
* **Publishing status** Toggle publishing status. If unpublished, the item is invisible by the site visitor.
* **Translated** Toggle translation status. If enabled, the CCK knows that the portfolio item has been translated in
 the current language.

* **Fields** The fieldset differs per project. Please read the README for the CCK package for more details.


### Frontend

All you need to do, is make a menu item. The menu type should be 'Portfolio -> Portfolio'. The Options tab enables you to
merely show featured items and a limit.

## @TODO

Build support for multiple portfolios through the use of Makundi.
